this is Nintendo 3ds as you get
acquainted you'll notice that some
things are very familiar and that some
are new not only for Nintendo but for
any existing portable entertainment here
in America Nintendo 3ds will be
available at launch in two colors aqua
blue and Cosmo black the most obvious
elements are the two screens very
similar in positioning to the DSi with
the touchscreen on the bottom and the 3d
display on top the touchscreen operates
the same way it does for the current DS
line but Nintendo 3ds features a
telescoping stylus that top screen is
about 10 percent larger than the one on
your DSi and even in 2d mode it displays
visuals like no portable before picture
quality you could only enjoy on a home
console until recently now travels with
you wherever you go
but 3d of course takes it to an entirely
new level when those 3d images first
appear it's unique and the impression
doesn't go away with Nintendo 3ds
there's backwards compatibility the game
card slot on the back will accept not
only your Nintendo 3ds games but also
your Nintendo DS games including DSi
download game compatibility and there's
also an SD memory card slot a 2 gig card
comes with the system and of course you
can choose to upgrade from there the
basic controls will be familiar a/v X&Y
on the right as well as the left and
right buttons on the opposing side
you'll also recognize the plus control
pad as you can see to this point there's
no learning curve required to put
Nintendo 3ds through its game paces it
works just like your current DS but a
new addition does come into play and
it's an important one that analog circle
pad just above the plus pad from a
gameplay standpoint it opens up new
worlds
it can be employed by designers for
precise movement of characters or the
camera or other innovations meanwhile
inside two other elements are at work a
built-in accelerometer and gyroscope
react to the motion and tilt of the
system so whether players are twisting
their system side to side or moving them
up and down their motion compatible
Nintendo 3ds games respond instantly the
system is packaged with its own charging
cradle allowing the Nintendo 3ds to
remain in sleep mode indefinitely next
here are three little things that mean a
lot right in the center on the bottom is
a new home button for Nintendo 3ds games
pressing it even in the middle of
gameplay will pause all action and take
you to the home menu at the top there
you'll be able to quickly switch to
other applications or features while
your game waits you can just as easily
switch back without losing a thing on
the upper right of the hardware there's
a notification light that signals new
levels of automatic connectivity it
illuminates in four different ways to
let you know what's been communicated
StreetPass is our name for enhanced
automatic local area connection between
Nintendo 3ds devices even when they're
in sleep mode and unlike the tag mode
used with some previous DS titles data
is now exchanged Hardware to Hardware
regardless of what game is inserted
let me finish with the features that
truly flip the page 3d is a wonderful
experience but it doesn't work the same
way for everyone we've answered this
issue with the 3d depth slider located
just right of the screen if you want you
can even turn off the 3d altogether and
what remains is a bright crisp 2d
display but the depth slider works to
adjust 3d to any degree you like control
is entirely customizable and of course
it never requires you to put on a pair
of those fashionable 3d glasses this 3d
is natural and fully flexible now let's
look at the three cameras the first is
inward-facing
situated just above the screen this
allows you to photograph your own image
and even insert it into some games on
the outside our two outward facing
cameras to allow for 3d photography
while these two cameras let developers
explore new forms of game design they're
also important in their own right 3d
photography and display is a compelling
feature for every potential purchaser
whether they consider themselves gamers
yet or not
Nintendo 3ds it's a game changer